com.pijodev.insatpe.R$array: int group_id_1
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$array: int group_id_2
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$array: int group_id_3
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$array: int group_id_4
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$array: int group_id_5
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$array: int group_name_1
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$array: int group_name_2
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$array: int group_name_3
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$array: int group_name_4
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$array: int group_name_5
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$bool: int widget_enabled
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$color: int bar_background
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$color: int toolbar_background
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$color: int widget_title_background_alpha
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$color: int widget_title_background_blue
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$color: int widget_title_background_green
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$color: int widget_title_background_orange
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$color: int widget_title_background_purple
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$dimen: int bar_text_size
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$dimen: int column_height
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$dimen: int column_width
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$dimen: int entry_text_size
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$dimen: int hours_height
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$dimen: int loading_view_ypos
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$dimen: int separator_width
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int button_default
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int button_pressed
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int button_text
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int ee_tt0
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int ee_tt1
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int ee_tt2
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int ee_tt3
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int ee_tt4
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int ee_tt5
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int ee_tt6
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int loader
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int loader2
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int loader_anim
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int loader_anim2
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int mtfbwy_64c
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int next
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int orig
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int orig_default
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int orig_disabled
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int orig_pressed
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int panel
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int planex
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int prec_default
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int prec_disabled
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int prec_pressed
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int prev
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int refresh
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int refresh_background
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int settings
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int suiv_default
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int suiv_disabled
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int suiv_pressed
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int tf64_ee5
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$drawable: int widget_background
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int b_add_group
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int b_add_group_widget
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int b_create_widget
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int b_group_list_add
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int b_group_list_update
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int et_id_newgroup
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int et_name_newgroup
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int et_title_widget
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ib_current
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ib_group_delete
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ib_next
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ib_prev
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ib_widget_refresh
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int item_widget_details
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int item_widget_gnum
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int item_widget_ll
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int item_widget_summary
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int iv_ee6
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int iv_next
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int iv_popup_ee
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int iv_prev
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int iv_pull_arrow
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ll_day
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ll_friday
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ll_group_path
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ll_group_title
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ll_group_tools
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ll_groups
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ll_monday
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ll_settings
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ll_thursday
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ll_tuesday
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ll_wednesday
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ll_week
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int ll_widget_group_list
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int lv_groups_list
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int lv_widget_list
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int pb_widget_loading
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int rl_column_friday
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int rl_column_monday
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int rl_column_thursday
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int rl_column_tuesday
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int rl_column_wednesday
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int rl_main
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int rl_main_view
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int sv_week
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int tv_date
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int tv_popup_class
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int tv_popup_date
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int tv_popup_groups
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int tv_popup_hour
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int tv_popup_professor
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int tv_popup_room
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$id: int tv_widget_title
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$integer: int groups_xml_version
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$layout: int activity_schedule
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$layout: int activity_widgetconf
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$layout: int column_head
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$layout: int group_tree_selector
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$layout: int item_group_list
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$layout: int item_widget
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$layout: int new_user_group
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$layout: int popup
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$layout: int toolbar
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$layout: int widget
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$string: int app_name
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$string: int cache_version
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$string: int description
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$string: int menu_back
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$string: int menu_groupe
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$string: int menu_next
com.pijodev.insatpe.R$xml: int widget_info
com.pijodev.insatpe.ScheduleActivity
com.pijodev.insatpe.ScheduleActivity: ScheduleActivity()
com.pijodev.insatpe.XYScrollView
com.pijodev.insatpe.XYScrollView: XYScrollView(android.content.Context)
com.pijodev.insatpe.XYScrollView: XYScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.pijodev.insatpe.XYScrollView: XYScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.pijodev.insatpe.XYScrollView: void setOnScrollChangedListener(com.pijodev.insatpe.XYScrollView$OnScrollChangedListener)
com.pijodev.insatpe.XYScrollView: void setOnPullListener(com.pijodev.insatpe.XYScrollView$OnPullListener)
com.pijodev.insatpe.widget.FetchService
com.pijodev.insatpe.widget.FetchService: FetchService()
com.pijodev.insatpe.widget.WidgetConfigureActivity
com.pijodev.insatpe.widget.WidgetConfigureActivity: WidgetConfigureActivity()
com.pijodev.insatpe.widget.WidgetProvider
com.pijodev.insatpe.widget.WidgetProvider: WidgetProvider()
com.pijodev.insatpe.widget.WidgetService
com.pijodev.insatpe.widget.WidgetService: WidgetService()
